What's so urgent, Zhao Weichang.
See if you can wait until my daughter has her hand done and come out.
That's right. We just found a batch first,
It flows out from the Tianhai Sea and is smuggled back secretly.
If this matter is not handled well, the entire circle of masters will be overly anxious.
Li Fei, I highly appreciate your ability to make things easier.
So, I would like to ask you to assist me.
Zhao Weichang, can you take a look?
Li Fei, you helped me this time,
I guarantee that your whole family will have no worries. You want to hit spiritual wounds in the circle of Tianhai Yushi,
This is the best opportunity. husband.
He is our great benefactor at this meeting
I was such a jerk before
My children and I will support you
President Zhao has such a big schedule.
Anxious, let us check the original
But you made so many of us wait for you
Keep everyone waiting for a long time
I went to ask an expert
Isn't this the stupid guy you just hired?
Li Fei is the distinguished guest I invited here.
You'd better show respect to me, right?
What about his ability?
Your son knows best
Your son just gave it to him
It's your boy
Today I want to see what you can do